Move console to separate chart (#8572)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/console/README.md

> # Core

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be about Console?

Author: It should :) I'll change it now

# Console

## Overview

> The Console is a web-based administrative UI for Kyma. It allows to administer the Kyma functionality and manage the basic Kubernetes resources. Console chart consists of the following sub-charts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Console is a web-based administrative UI for Kyma. It allows administering the Kyma functionality and managing basic Kubernetes resources. The Console chart consists of the following sub-charts:
```
